In a marriage, not applying Bible principles can lead to a lack of peace, as time passes.
The differences in opinion and personality that arise can undermine the peace you once
had.
How can that peace so long for be regained?
Isaiah chapter 26 and verse 3 says,
You will safeguard those who fully lean on you.
You will give them continuous peace because it is in you that they trust.
Only Jehovah can give continuous peace to those who fully lean on him.
Abraham and Sarah, for example, had that peace because even during big life changes and
difficult situations, they faithfully followed Jehovah's direction.
We can demonstrate our trust in Jehovah by searching out his advice and his word.
The Bible, turning Bible reading into a habit can seem daunting, but it is worth the effort.
Take advantage of every opportunity.
See where you can make adjustments in your routine.
The advice found in the Bible can lead to peace in your marriage.
For example, Matthew chapter 7 and verse 12 says,
All things, therefore, that you want men to do to you, you also must do to them.
But after reading, don't forget the most important steps.
Apply what you learn.
When a husband puts his wife's interest ahead of his own, she feels loved and valued and
vice versa.
Your Bible principle found at Matthew chapter 5 and verse 5 says,
Happy are the mild tempered.
By controlling our temper, we create an environment that is relaxed and peaceful.
And while all are encouraged to read the Bible as individuals, if circumstances allow,
consider doing so as a couple.
Talk about what you learned.
Take advantage of the available study tools to learn all you can about Jehovah's marvelous
qualities.
Without a doubt, this will draw you closer to Jehovah and will strengthen the threefold
cord in your marriage.
And even when life takes a turn and things get hard, you will still be able to feel the
continuous peace that only Jehovah, the originator of marriage, can provide.
If it's convenient to talk privately with your spouse, why not pause this video and discuss